[MUSIC]
>> Mike: First off, the readme says we're
gonna need to care about only the first
two parameters passed in.
Quick, easiest way to do
that is to give those names.
You could have messed around with the
arguments array if you really wanted to,
but here, I'm gonna just cheat and
use just the two names, which means
if you pass in any other arguments,
I'm just gonna ignore them, kay?
Now, I need to return a function.
I'm going to be lazy and not give it
a name, cuz it doesn't really matter here,
but function expressions
generally should have names.
That function, as we see the way it's
being used, if we look at the test cases,
if you will, the way it's being used,
doesn't take any arguments, so
I don't need an argument here.
And the readme said that what
we wanted to do with that is add
those two values together and return it.
So that's all we have to do.
>> Mike: Can we see that it's
closed over both x and y?
The parameters act, in this case,
like local variables that have a value.
Those values don't change over time.
So, over time, as I'm calling x over and
over and over again, x and
y are still always the 3 and
the 4 value respectively,
which is what gives us that
value 7 each time, okay?
As silly and stupid as this is,
being able to do that at a whim,
being able to put a function and wrap
it around some state, and maintain that
state, is one of the most important things
you can get, if you wanna use functional
programming techniques, functional light,
if you will, in your programs.
Having a mastery over
closure is really important.
That's why I said at
the beginning that it's so
fundamental to programming, it's so
much the most important thing.
I literally can't count how many
different places that closure shows up in
programming techniques.